# Past-Projects-Showcase
This repo has a variety of projects that I have done throughout my time at Miami University.

## Explanation of each 
- CSE 374 Algorithms 1 (JAVA). Design, analysis, and implementation of algorithms and data structures. This folder includes my final project which is a written report of the various searching algorithms with a report on each one.
- CSE 382 Mobile Apps (C#, XMAL). Implementation of cross platform apps. This folder includes my final project which is a self designed and made mobile app applying everything from this class.
- CSE 383 Web Apps (HTML, JS, CSS, PHP). Introduction to the software, concepts and methodologies for designing and implementing web applications. This folder includes my final project which is a self designed and made web app for telling the weather, making use of APIs and a AWS server. 
- CSE 385 Database Systems (SQL). Overview of database management, database system architecture, and database modeling principles. This folder includes my semester long project which was to design and implement a sufficently large database.
- CSE 386 Foundations of Computer Graphics (C#). Introduction to techniques used to create images on the computer including the algorithms and the mathemtatical theory. This folder includes my final project which is a self made raytracer (with supplied starter code) for a three dimensional space, video shows full demo.
-  CSE 432 Machine Learning (PYTHON). Introduction to the process, methods, and computing tools fundamental to machine learning. This folder includes my final project which was a group project with a focus on Automatically Explaning a Fuzzy Cognitive Map, this includes a full report and working demo code.
-  CSE 443 High Performance Computing (C++). Introduction to practical use of multi-processors and supercomputing clusters. Developing and using parallel programs for computationally intensive problems. This folder includes various projects that I was assigned, all done on the Ohio Supercomputing Cluster.
-  CSE 465 Comparative Programming Languages (C#, Prolog, Scheme). Survey of programming languages and their accompanying paradigms. This folder includes my final project which is a C# parser for the scheme language and another project which uses the prolog language to solve a logic puzzle with logical programming
-  CSE 586 Intro to AI (THEORY BASED, NO CODE). Basic concepts of artificial intelligence (AI) including problem solving, search knowledge representation, and rule-based systems. This folder includes all of my assignments for the class that include extentive questions about various AI problems and approaches.
-  Capstone project Course Planner V2 (C#, SQL, HTML, JS, CSS) This project is for my senior capstone (2 semesters). This project was given to my group as version 1.0 and throughout the two semesters we ended up with a version two. This project is a online course planner that will eventually replace the current Excel/Google Sheets version that is currently used. A full demo and explanation of the project can be found in the supplied video link. This folder includes the full development branch with the final working product.   
-  Miscellaneous (JAVA, C++). This folder includes various other projects that were done in other classes that show other complex projects.  
